doc(website): Adding how-to guide for using Renovate (#6435)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/how-to-guides/update-plugins-using-renovate.md

## Walkthrough

### Step 1: Identify Regex Capture Groups

While Renovate provides tons of built-in functionality to make most dependency management simple, it also provides a powerful functionality called 'RegexManager' which allows you to leverage custom regular expression statements to manually extract dependencies, their version, and updating mechanism. Click [here](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/regex/) for more details on the specific configurations of RegexManager.

For our purposes, we're concerned about the following items:
- `datasourceTemplate`: datasource is where the package's versions are managed.
- `packageNameTemplate`:  this is the lookup name that is passed to the datasource.
- `depNameTemplate`: this is the 'friendly' name that is shown in renovate PRs.
- `extractVersionTemplate`: regular expression for discovering plugin version in the datasource.
- `versioningTemplate`: what versioning 'format' the datasource follows

> - `fileMatch`: path to the cloudquery.yaml file in your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fileMatch`: path to the `cloudquery.yaml` file in your repository.
```

  `matchStrings`: regular expression to find the plugins in your cloudquery.yaml file.

Using a simplistic configuration file that looks like:

```yaml copy
---
kind: source
spec:
  name: gcp
  path: cloudquery/gcp
  version: "v5.4.0"
  tables: ["*"]

>   sestinations: ["postgresql"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  destinations: ["postgresql"]
```

- **kind**: what type of plugin this is (source or destination).
- **path**: the 'name' of the plugin (such as gcp or aws).
- **version**: the current version of the plugin.

### Step 2: Create Custom RegexManager

Now that we've identified the fields we need to extract from the configuration file to create the custom regex, next we need to construct the regex statement to extract those 'keys' into named capture groups.

For this it's recommended to use a regex testing tool to ensure your regex is actually working. [Regex101](https://regex101.com/) is a popular one but feel free to use any others as long as they support the PCRE2 regex engine. So taking our sample configuration file from above, we begin to play around with various regex until we meet the following criteria:

- a named capture group for the plugin type (source or destination) which we will reference as 'kind' in this tutorial.
- a named capture group for the plugin name (aws, gcp, etc..) which we will reference as 'plugin' in this tutorial.
- a named capture group for the plugin current version which **must** be named `currentValue`.

> For our sample configuration file this regex would look something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our sample configuration file this regex will look like:
```

```shell copy
kind:\s(?<kind>.*)\nspec:\n\s{2}name:.*?\w\n\s{2}path:\scloudquery\/(?<plugin>.*)\n\s{2}version:\s\"?v(?<currentValue>.*\d)\"?\n
```
This regular expression does the following:
- captures the `kind: (source|destination)` into a named capture group called 'kind`
- skips the `spec:` and `name:` lines of the file
- captures the `path: cloudqery/(gcp, aws, etc...)` into a named capture group called `plugin` while escaping the `cloudquery/` prefix.
- skips to the next line and captures the `version: "vX.X.X"` into the **required** named capture group `currentValue` while optionally checking if the string is quoted or not.

On the Regex101 site we can verify the regex is working by viewing the explanation section on the left side of the screen:

![screenshot of regex101](/images/blog/manage-plugins-with-renovate/renovate-howto-regex101.png)

> **Important Note**: This regex is _specific_ to the example shown in this how-to guide, if your configuration file is formatted different (such as lines in different orders or indented differently like in a helm values.yaml file) then you'll need to adjust the regex accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important Note**: This regex is _specific_ to the example shown in this how-to guide, if your configuration file is formatted different (such as lines in different orders or indented differently like in a helm `values.yaml` file) then you'll need to adjust the regex accordingly.
```

- **kind**: what type of plugin this is (source or destination).
- **path**: the 'name' of the plugin (such as gcp or aws).
- **version**: the current version of the plugin.

### Step 2: **Create Custom RegexManager**

Now that we've identified the fields we need to extract from the configuration file to create the custom regex, next we need to construct the regex statement to extract those 'keys' into named capture groups.

For this it's recommended to use a regex testing tool to ensure your regex is actually working. [Regex101](https://regex101.com/) is a popular one but feel free to use any others as long as they support the PCRE2 regex engine. So taking our sample configuration file from above, we begin to play around with various regex until we meet the following criteria:

- a named capture group for the plugin type (source or destination) which we will reference as 'kind' in this tutorial.
- a named capture group for the plugin name (aws, gcp, etc..) which we will reference as 'plugin' in this tutorial.

> - a named capture group for the plugin current version which **must** be named currentValue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a named capture group for the plugin current version which **must** be named `currentValue`.
```

Putting this inside backticks should keep the linter happy

Author: sorry - just saw this after my last commit, I added them to the `.github/styles/proselint/Vocab/Base/accept.txt` file. Want me to back that commit out and backtick them instead?

For our sample configuration file this regex would look something like:

```shell copy
kind:\s(?<kind>.*)\nspec:\n\s{2}name:.*?\w\n\s{2}path:\scloudquery\/(?<plugin>.*)\n\s{2}version:\s\"?v(?<currentValue>.*\d)\"?\n
```
This regular expression does the following:
- captures the `kind: (source|destination)` into a named capture group called 'kind`
- skips the `spec:` and `name:` lines of the file
- captures the `path: cloudqery/(gcp, aws, etc...)` into a named capture group called `plugin` while escaping the `cloudquery/` prefix.
{/*<!-- vale off -->*/}

> - skips to the next line and captures the `version: "vX.X.X" into the **required** named capture group 'currentValue' while optionally checking if the string is quoted or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- skips to the next line and captures the `version: "vX.X.X"` into the **required** named capture group `currentValue` while optionally checking if the string is quoted or not.
```
